[vnet] install wintun.dll and VNet service with Connect on Windows (#52165)
gravitational/teleport: web/packages/teleterm/README.md

The details behind those vars are described below.

### Windows

Packaging Connect on Windows requires wintun.dll, which VNet uses to create a
virtual network interface.
A zip file containing the DLL can be downloaded from https://www.wintun.net/builds/wintun-0.14.1.zip

> Extract the zip file and then pass the path the wintun.dll to electron-builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extract the zip file and then pass the path to wintun.dll to `pnpm package-term`
```
